[Music]
you love them and I love it
put your hands together my name hey you
know Artie I was thinking about putting
out a comedy written comedy you feelin
singer a shake dancer ha it's real hard
to break him I do whatever it takes you
need I come up with a new character
dolomite it's my name and up
it's my game it's all
pretend I just created a character
future pull own it oh I'm ready to do it
I got to be totally outrageous it's
filthy you've got a product here that
you can't sell or promote all my life
give them and tell them you know Rudy
sometimes our dreams just don't come
true I'm a and slam a door in my face I
just found another door I want the world
of know I exist
this ain't funny
and it ain't no brothers in it even if I
get up in that light with my own movie
everywhere all at once
let's bring dolomite to the screen
the actors we hire you're a big doughy
Oh than them doughy I'm offering you a
role in my new motion picture you think
you could just walk up here and hire me
know what if we let you direct in
storytelling it's always best to write
what you know ain't nothing to talk
about my personal life I deal with
tonight night club owners and mobsters
lots of pimps and kungfu do you know
karate
no but I'm a fast learner I can learn
how to chop me a month
give it to me to wait over tonight he
could be a sex machine what planet does
this get home
this thing flops are gonna be working
for free for the rest of your life I'm
so grateful for what you did for me cuz
I never seen nobody that looks like me
now update on that big screen
god damn dolomite
good was it good a shave
[Music]